doc/template.EXAMPLES.md, before:

<!--
================= AUTOGENERATED FILE =================
================= DO NOT EDIT THIS   =================

If you want to edit this, then change doc/template.EXAMPLES.md instead.

================= DO NOT EDIT THIS   =================
================= AUTOGENERATED FILE =================
-->

# Examples

After starting the local test server via `source test/suite/setup.sh && startServer`, you can send
the following list of requests via protoCURL. The [test/proto/happyday.proto](test/proto/happyday.proto) is used for these examples.

Each request needs to mount the directory of proto files into the containers `/proto` path to ensure, that they are
visible inside the docker container.

All of these commands work with the native CLI as well as docker. For the native CLI, one can simply use `protocurl -I $PWD/test/proto` instead of `docker run -v $PWD/test/proto:/proto --network host protocurl`

**Basic Example**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_1___
```

**Explict full message package paths and explicit proto file**
```bash
___EXAMPLE_2___
```

**Using imported and nested messages such as well-known Google Protobuf types**
```bash
___EXAMPLE_3___
```

**JSON**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_JSON___
```

**JSON with pretty-printing**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_JSON_PRETTY___
```

**Show response output only via -q**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_OUTPUT_ONLY___
```

With `-q` all errors are written to stderr making it ideal for piping in scripts. Hence this request against a non-existing endpoint

```bash
___EXAMPLE_OUTPUT_ONLY_WITH_ERR_1___
```

will produce no output, exit with a non-zero exitcode and only show this error:

```bash
___EXAMPLE_OUTPUT_ONLY_WITH_ERR_2___
```

**Verbose via -v**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_4___
```

Commit message:

Decoding of raw messages into text format via omission of -o or --decode-raw. Json is not supported.

doc/template.EXAMPLES.md, after:

<!--
================= AUTOGENERATED FILE =================
================= DO NOT EDIT THIS   =================

If you want to edit this, then change doc/template.EXAMPLES.md instead.

================= DO NOT EDIT THIS   =================
================= AUTOGENERATED FILE =================
-->

# Examples

After starting the local test server via `source test/suite/setup.sh && startServer`, you can send
the following list of requests via protoCURL. The [test/proto/happyday.proto](test/proto/happyday.proto) is used for these examples.

Each request needs to mount the directory of proto files into the containers `/proto` path to ensure, that they are
visible inside the docker container.

All of these commands work with the native CLI as well as docker. For the native CLI, one can simply use `protocurl -I $PWD/test/proto` instead of `docker run -v $PWD/test/proto:/proto --network host protocurl`

**Basic Example**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_1___
```

**Explict full message package paths and explicit proto file**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_2___
```

**Using imported and nested messages such as well-known Google Protobuf types**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_3___
```

**Omitting -o \<response-type> shows raw format**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_RAW_FORMAT__
```

When the response type is unknown or one wants to debug and see what is all in the response,
then this format shows the values for the given field numbers (instead of their field names).

However, since
[Protobuf is not self-describing](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/techniques#self-description)
the types cannot be correctly inferred and may be incorrect.

**JSON**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_JSON___
```

**JSON with pretty-printing**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_JSON_PRETTY___
```

**Show response output only via -q**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_OUTPUT_ONLY___
```

With `-q` all errors are written to stderr making it ideal for piping in scripts. Hence this request against a non-existing endpoint

```bash
___EXAMPLE_OUTPUT_ONLY_WITH_ERR_1___
```

will produce no output, exit with a non-zero exitcode and only show this error:

```bash
___EXAMPLE_OUTPUT_ONLY_WITH_ERR_2___
```

**Verbose via -v**

```bash
___EXAMPLE_4___
```
